Create README.md (#34)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-msteams-meetings: docs/end-user-guide/using-the-plugin.md

## Connecting an account

> Use the `/connect` slash command to connect.

Author: @larkox, is the user connecting their account in Mattermost or connecting a Teams account to Mattermost?

Reviewer: The user is, let's say "linking" their Teams account to Mattermost.

When they run `/mstmeetings connect` (I think that is the right name of the command), they will be prompted to log in into Microsoft Teams.

Reviewer: @justinegeffen this is not yet updated, right?

> Use the `/connect` slash command to connect.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `/mstmeetings connect` slash command to connect.
```

## Starting a call

> Start a call either by clicking the header button or the `/start` slash command. Every meeting you create will create a new meeting room in MS Teams. If two meetings are created really close (less than 30 seconds) you will get a prompt asking you whether you are sure you want to create the meeting.

Reviewer: The start command is actually `/mstmeetings start`.

> Start a call either by clicking the header button or the `/start` slash command. Every meeting you create will create a new meeting room in MS Teams. If two meetings are created really close (less than 30 seconds) you will get a prompt asking you whether you are sure you want to create the meeting.

Author: ```suggestion
Start a call either by clicking the header button or the `/mstmeetings start` slash command. Every meeting you create will create a new meeting room in MS Teams. If two meetings are created really close (less than 30 seconds) you will get a prompt asking you whether you are sure you want to create the meeting.
```

## Disconnecting an account

> Use the `/disconnect` slash command to disconnect the account.

Author: @larkox, is this command used to disconnect the Mattermost account from the Teams account? What's the use case for this?

Reviewer: Neither is this one, right?

> Use the `/disconnect` slash command to disconnect the account.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `/mstmeetings disconnect` slash command to disconnect the account.
```

Reviewer: I think it is not needed to give so much information on what disconnect can be used for. I think only the first paragraph is enough.

## Connecting an MS Teams account to Mattermost

Use the `/mstmeetings connect` slash command to connect an MS Teams account to Mattermost.

## Starting a call

> Start a call either by selecting the video icon in a Mattermost channel or by using the `/mstmeetings start` slash command. Every meeting you start creates a new meeting room in MS Teams. If you start two meetings really close together (less than 30 seconds apart) you will get a prompt asking you whether you are sure you want to create the meeting.

Author: ```suggestion
Start a call either by selecting the video icon in a Mattermost channel or by using the `/mstmeetings start` slash command. Every meeting you start creates a new meeting room in MS Teams. If you start two meetings less than 30 seconds apart you'll be prompted to confirm that you want to create the meeting.
```

## Disconnecting an account

You can disconnect your MS Teams account from Mattermost using the `/mstmeetings disconnect` slash command.

> To connect another account to Mattermost, follow the configuration instructions again. If you are disconnecting in order to refresh the token, then use `/mstmeetings connect` to reconnect.

Reviewer: I think this line is not needed.

Author: The whole paragraph or just the last line?

Reviewer: The whole paragraph
